FIPS 186-5 DIGITAL SIGNATURE STANDARD (DSS)  1. Introduction This standard defines methods for digital signature generation that can be used for the protection of binary data (commonly called a message) and for the verification and validation of those digital signatures. Three techniques are approved. (1) The RSA digital signature algorithm is specified in the Internet Engineering Task Force Request for Comments (IETF RFC) 8017 [1] and was previously specified in Public Key Cryptography Standard (PKCS) #1 [2]. FIPS 186-5 approves the use of implementations of either or both of these standards and specifies key pair generation, as well as additional requirements. (2) The Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) is specified in this standard. ECDSA was originally specified in American National Standards (ANS) X9.62 [3] (withdrawn). A variant of ECDSA with a deterministic signature generation procedure known as deterministic ECDSA is also approved and specified in IETF RFC 6979 [4]. Recommended elliptic curves for Federal Government use of ECDSA (including deterministic ECDSA) are provided in NIST Special Publication (SP) 800-186 [5]. (3) The Edwards Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) is specified in IETF RFC 8032 [6]. FIPS 186-5 approves the use of EdDSA and specifies additional requirements. Recommended elliptic curves for Federal Government use of EdDSA are provided in SP 800-186 [5]. Also included is HashEdDSA, a version of EdDSA where the EdDSA signature is generated on the hash of the message rather than the message itself. The Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) is no longer specified in this standard and may only be used to verify previously generated digital signatures. Complete specifications may be found in Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 186-4 [7].  This standard includes requirements for obtaining the assurances necessary for valid digital signatures. Methods for obtaining these assurances are provided in SP 800-89, Recommendation for Obtaining Assurances for Digital Signature Applications [8]. Information about the key lengths used for generating and verifying digital signatures and the time frames during which they are assumed to be secure are provided in SP 800-131A [9]. Note that the algorithms in this standard are not expected to provide resistance to attacks from a large-scale quantum computer. Digital signature algorithms that will provide security from quantum computers will be specified in future NIST publications.  